OCPBUGS-23115:Clarify instructions for builds (#71994)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/builds-strategy-docker-entitled-satellite.adoc

[source,terminal]
----
FROM registry.redhat.io/ubi9/ubi:latest
RUN rm -rf /etc/rhsm-host <1>
RUN yum --enablerepo=codeready-builder-for-rhel-9-x86_64-rpms install \ <2>
    nss_wrapper \
    uid_wrapper -y && \
    yum clean all -y
RUN ln -s /run/secrets/rhsm /etc/rhsm-host <3>
----

> <1> You must include the command to remove the `/etc/rhsm-host` directory and all its contents in your Dockerfile before executing any `yum` or `dnf` commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> You must include the command to remove the `/etc/rhsm-host` directory and its content in your Dockerfile before executing any `yum` or `dnf` commands.
```

Reviewer: Sorry for the confusion. Instead of mentioning it in a callout, I think in the beginning it would be better to clarify that the below configuration is of a Dockerfile.
